and developing economies across Asia
have settled into a new growth path that
will see the region expand between six
and seven percent a year
it's a pace much slower than that seen
before the global financial crisis but
still represents solid growth CCTVs
Tracy Tandon is live at the IMF in
Washington with all the details Tracy
that's right Michelle they are economies
across Asia that are starting to slow
down however many people are not too
concerned because this is still the era
of Asian led consumption growth earlier
today I had an exclusive interview with
world bank managing director Sri Mulyani
who told me that growth of over 6% is
still very good and in fact it is a
luxury that some economies today can
only dream of the immediate impact is
certainly coming from their demand from
for import goods and that has already
hurt many country I mean you can see
that the China is slowing down
Asya in general also slowing down and
the China slowing down is also have the
impact for many of commodity prices many
country who also supply so we see that
from the trade channel is the most
direct one Indonesia's economy grew by
6.2 percent last year it was amongst one
of the best performers when we look at
all the Asian economies but the country
still has a lot of problems we know
corruption is still rife exports are
weak and recently it posted its first
trade deficit in almost 50 years as the
former finance minister of Indonesia
what do you think policymakers in
Indonesia can do today to really address
all those problems it was designed by
many developing country in actually
responding to the global financial
crisis 2008-2009 which if their policy
by nurturing more domestic demand grows
and for Indonesia with the size of
population and economy they can do that
so they are now relying more on their
investment as well as the consumption
the problem with those policy strategy
is actually if you are not putting
enough effort and fast enough you are
going too easy
overheat overheating because when you do
the domestic demand driven growth you
should be matched by the supply side so
they are going to be having more or less
harmonious both sides corrosive it is
not going to ignite price that then
create inflation that I think is going
to be the challenge for Indonesia the
second one is of course you can see from
the parents off payment the current corn
especially also the trade account that's
really mainly because in the past and I
think is even still currently Indonesia
and still rely more on a natural
resource export rather than the export
which is driven by manufacturing and the
derive sophisticated product that is
going to be the challenge
the IMF warns that excessively loose
monetary policy could potentially create
a lot of credit bubbles around the world
even threatening to tip the world back
into recession
what can emerging markets do to really
keep the inflationary pressures low and
prevent these bubbles from forming
monetary policy all central bank tried
to use their the the monetary quantity
easing in order for them to create
environment for growth to be restored
but that's not going to be enough an
adequate many country have to do the
real hard homework is actually on a
structural side whether this is on a
live labor side whether this is on on
their policy which is related to the
quality of spending infrastructure
spending so these are all need to be
really P adequate attention China's
housing bubble is extremely alarming at
the moment in fact many spectators
worried that if this bubble bursts it
could have catastrophic effects around
the world do you think China's housing
bubble will potentially burst the
response of the policy in China from the
global financial crisis in which the
global economy is going down very
sharply by doing the expansionary policy
both on a fiscal and monetary side it
was right in 2009-2010 and that's why
they need to consolidate and they are
now consolidating it it cannot reverse
immediately all what you've done
the past two three years so we have to
deal with the consequences
so for for China definitely in this case
they knew that the consequence of
expansionary policy to do the counter
cyclical is actually now appearing in
this one specific sector which is on the
property it created a lot of
complication because it linked to the
local government revenue side the local
government is really rely on their
selling land for the property in this
case as their source of revenue it can
also hit the Filner bit of the financial
system banking system so for the policy
maker there really tried to manage this
bubble or correcting the price to the
level which is perceived as the fair
price rather than excessive price that
then create a lot of complication it
will takes time so as you can see there
Michelle is Sri Mulyani is really
iterating the fact that the ongoing debt
crisis in the 17-nation euro block is
having an impact on the on the emerging
economies specifically when it comes to
trade and this is reflected in exports
and imports that even in some of their
current account figures but overall you
know these emerging economies are still
growing really rapidly and so the impact
has been cushioned by the GDP growth
that they're having many argued that a
lot of these emerging economies are
economic superpowers in their own right
and some of them like China and Japan
even rivaled the United States when it
comes to global economic and trade
influence back to you Michelle